Now it's time to do the interface part.
Firstly, we have to solve this random thing so we will create an object or random object to shuffle
tiles.
So after this we only for this foreground color.
So we have to take the private static final data color.
Now we need the foreground.
For a ground color ticket is the new color and we will set the color.
Okay.
So I will take the eight comma 156, comma 239.
Here we use an arbitrary color here.
Now we need to create a random object to shuffle the tiles.
So a random object to shuffle tiles.
So here I will write primate.
Primate, static and final.
Mm.
Third, random, random and.
Right, new, random.
Here, parentheses, semicolon.
And then we have done the foreground color.
We have the tile size.
We have the only array for storing the tiles.
And so we do already have the matching thing.
We.
Okay.
So all we yeah.
We all really have the grid side also.
Now we have to calculate the grid size and the tile size.
Firstly, we take the J panel class, then we draw spot on the field to calculate the sizes of each.
So we will use the data specified in constructor parameter of the game.
So here I will.
Here.
Here I will write calculator size and tile size.
What we will do, we will take the variable criticized here and initialize it to the minus two and hold
this thing multiplied.
No, not the whole here.
This will be multiplied by the margin here.
I'm done.
Now, for the tile size, what we will do, the tile size is equal to the great size.
Great.
We need a great size and it will divide it by the size.
So here we have calculated the great size and the tile size.
No.
For some user interface, what we have to do, we have to set the preferred size.
Said preferred.
Preferred size to here I will write new dimension.
And under this we will take the parameter of the dimension, comma, dimension plus margin here.
Okay.
So this Sunnis don't know.
We have to set the background here, said Baghran, which will be our color lord.
We need the white
light here.
So we have said the background.
Now we have to set the foreground color also.
So what I will do, I will try to set foreground.
Here, take this.
And under this, I will write for a brown color.
Okay, so we're done.
No.
Next thing.
Which we have to do.
We have to set the font
set for.
Then we will take the new font.
And what should we take?
Science reporter.
So I will take the surf.
Simple one and after this comma and set the font we need center to look.
Okay.
Take it as a bold.
Bold.
And what we have to do, though, we will give the size of our phone to do something.
60.
So the sun is down now.
We have already created this part here.
We have to do one more thing.
We have to set our variable game over with the first so that our game will start.
Okay.
So here.
Run our cars.
Okay.
We have not done with the main thing.
We have to look.
Okay, let's do that.
Well, we will write.
We will write swing utilities.
Utilities dot invoke letter.
Know this.
Take this loop open g frame.
Now create a frame object new frame done frame dot set default close operation.
Also under this we will create g frame and dot exit on close.
We need this.
Okay.
So this one is done now.
Here we will write frame, not set title.
And what we will give.
Game of Thrones.
Here I will write 15 puzzle games.
So I have.
Give the title here.
Another thing which we need is to.
Frame not set resizable.
Resizable and settled with the false already here.
Don't know what we will do.
We need the modern layout also.
So frame not ad in here.
I mean I knew.
Need a constructor here.
Setter with the four comma.
Food.
I will give the size 550 something.
On her note here with the 13th and after this comma, we need the border layout also.
So border layout dot.
Give it with the center.
Okay.
So here.
Done.
No frame pack done.
No thought.
However, output should come on the center of the screen.
So here what we will do.
We will write frame, not set location.
Really to set it to the null
frame, not set visible to the true here.
Well done.
No job application.
So, yeah, it's working.
Now we have to draw, know what we are.
So, yeah, we need to define the draw grid method to draw the grid on the spots on the screen here.
It's only a frame only.
What we will do here, we will see that thing where here we have in we have to the grid size and the
size of the tile.
So we have calculated the sizes of each.
So we will use this data.
Now the margin is also a parameter specified in the game constructor.
So now what we have to do, we have to define the draw grid of matter to draw the grid on sports on
the screen.
So what we will do, we initialize the area of X and convert the coordinates to the coordinates of the
user interface, then draw each tag to the corresponding number in the center.
So what do we have to do?
Firstly, we will do.
What should we do after this?
Okay.
We have to settle it with the OC after this year.
After this we will create our mascot by the name draw.
Great.
So here I will write private void emitters the draw grid.
Give the barometer with the graphics.
Woody.
And give it to G.
So under this, firstly we will take full loop.
We will convert a1d coordinator to two D coordination given the size of the 2D array.
So here I will take the for loop.
And here I will write in.
I set it to the zero.
I is less than with the tile start length.
Get the increment of eight.
And under this we will take.
End rule as are and set with I divided by size next for the column and I is more below and size.
So now we will convert in correlation on the UI.
So here I will write in x is equal to the margin plus C multiplied by the tile size multiplied by the
tile size here.
Same thing with the y here.
Margin plus here.
The are multiplied by tile size here.
Know what we will do.
We will check special case for the blank type.
So I will take a if condition here the tiles I get which is equal to zero.
So what it will do, it will start with the game over and check for the if game over.
So what it will do, do not set color.
We need a set color.
Foreground color.
Yeah, set color to the foreground color.
And after this, we need to draw center string, maybe
third.
Here.
Okay.
Under this we will give some parameter with the g comma here.
I will take it as the backslash u2713 and give it the comma x comma.
Why don't.
Okay we will create this create material done after this cited to continue.
Well, after that, for the other tiles, we have to set the color and the UI part to suit all the other
tiles.
So here I will write the not set colour, detailed set colour near the get foreground here.
After this we will write g dot fill run this one round react.
So x comma y.
Same change to the.
Separate to the tile size.
Adequate with the tile size here.
See, now the height goes to 25.
Same 25.
Now, another thing for the other times, we have to set the color to the black.
So here I will write, set color and set it to know.
Color dot black.
And here, draw.
Ron react here x comma y will be the same which will be changed to the title size.
How did we change to the tile size?
Here.
It will be the 25 comma, 25, not another one for the set color.
Change it with the color dot white.
You need a white one here.
And same with the draw round react.
No.
We need to draw center string.
Okay.
Just me.
We have to lead out.
Hmm.
No.
We need the true
centered string here.
Give the parameter g.
Comma.
String not value of.
So to know.
Signs of a
coma and x.
Coma y.
I didn't do it.
It's not.
Grow.
Okay.
The Como.
We will take this in.
All we need.
What we have to do, we will.
Finally, we have to redefine the paint component method, which is our derivative of the draping glass.
Then we use the draw grid method, and after that we will use the draw start message method to display
a message promoting us to what we will see.
Click to start again.
So next thing we have to do, we have to make our method, draw, start, message.